a cart today is a comedian
is presented every Sunday in the good that this institution paulo
and every Monday at the bar santa marta in curitiba i said that
O
To avoid defeat, I've been an actor since I was a child.
I lived there a few years ago and I think this is more difficult in the river.
January
come here at the front dull even interesting does not talk about several
subjects
I think that tomorrow, Sunday in Lighthouse
economic policy until a short time ago thought that the
Justice League
The building
I'll tell you what, I'm 22 years old, right?
or goal of my life
video Who I masturbated games
no other half are also
and will hardly entail in a matter that I took note of
There was assad test the staff asks how it will be in the sector good cheer
belt
enough
if you watch the bizarre news go already the woman was arrested with
almost 200 grams of marijuana he hid inside the vagina
cooper have seen the best level
This universe of fantastic and fantastic women inspires a lot
has a question that every woman goes that damn question that here is
How old are you?
that scares me
how do you talk about the arrival of waves from the east while the pdt
they are inadequate she has no idea how many she looks
everything depends on the response to approach with the woman of his own
Voodoo doll
Ease always asks a question made a sale from today
will not recommend as she also do not walk
and all the questions and said that a lady for me got all the respect
my physique from the florida team
if you have more then 70
catch a snowball
So what did they answer at that hour?
I have a technique that develops men lose their children and friends
woman came to you asked when the tip team
look in her eye
still in the life of this woman tries in this Japanese look is more difficult to enter
will be father
who is in the lead but saw the number of his head the servers
to 19
nineteen solve for all
the teenagers do not find everything the 20 with the plaque toucan
more than 30 15 years
is 40% grace of 50 thousand already called the butcher
if this is not more than 50 up
for me a march that can work quietly
bullshit neck of beer and with my friend told me the day arrived for me
face
aware of what accidents son had on the corner '
Is there an accident in the myth?
the artistic accident superbonita presidency but I'd give it to you
in daytime since it became sick wonderful to have nothing
fantastic the kid lady sara 5s modern city
driver but the beginning of a savior of the motherland a savior from there
I'm sorry to point out that the passenger and area specialists
a bigger lady donated nothing 20 days to be nice
and the death of the biker
fukushima of May when it flew between brown river
he injured his picasa, he ended up being crippled and he was worth several
economy